Attire in the navy has changed some since I was on active duty. Used to
be you had to wear your dress uniform a lot more than you do now it
used to be against regulations to run around and your utility a work
uniform, now everybody seems they camouflage work uniforms or just
the berries and they wear them all the time they wear them in downtown.
So things things change, I am currently wearing the shirt to dress
blue uniform over which you typically wear the blue coat double
breasted brass buttoned blue coat. But it in an office setting you
take them off and just have your raw shoulder boards showing your rank,
in this case I'm a commander that has three stripes, and a star
showing that I am an on-officer that is I'm a fighter, not the staff
officer like a chaplain or a lawyer jag corps, or medical corps, dental
corps, Pleiku, or those sorts of things are considered staff office